Tweet : 

If you still didn't bought $MOZ from 
@Mozaic_Fi and you're not sure how to join the ride i wrote a simple guide for you. 
PART I - Swapping at https://app.mozaic.finance/buy


  Si vous n'avez pas encore acheté de $MOZ, le token de @Mozaic_Fi,
  et que vous ne savez pas trop comment être des nôtres, voici un guide simple.
  PARTIE I - Swap sur https://app.mozaic.finance/buy



Slide : Cover

« I can heartily recommend this book as a great way to get you doiq approval."

  "Je recommande chaudement ce livre, le top pour décrocher votre validation doiq."

MOZAIC for DUMMIES

  MOZAIC pour les NULS

A Reference for the Rest of US!

	À mettre entre toutes les mains !


Covers basic concepts of swapping, adding liquidity, converting MOZ into xMOZ, withdrawing and more...
  
  Apprenez les bases :  swap, ajout de liquidité, conversion de MOZ en xMOZ, retrait de tokens, et bien plus...



Slide p.1

Cross-chain swapping on app.mozaic.finance
 
  Swap cross-chain sur app.mozaic.finance

1. Press the Buy tab
2. Press the connect wallet button and choose the wallet you are using.

1. Sélectionnez l'onglet Buy
2. Cliquer sur le bouton "Connect Wallet" et sélection votre wallet.

Slide p.2

Cross-chain swapping on app.mozaic.finance

  Swap cross-chain sur app.mozaic.finance

1. Select chain and token from which (typo there ) you want to swap to MOZ token.

1. Sélectionner la chaîne et le token souhaités pour l'échange contre des jetons MOZ.


Slide p.3

1. Choose a chain from 10 available chains.

1. Choisir une chaîne parmi les 10 disponibles.

Slide p.4

1. Choose chain you prefer (in this example BNB Smart Chain)
2. Choose token you want to swap for MOZ (in this example BNB)

1. Choisir la chaîne désirée (ici, BNB Smart Chain).
2. Choisir le token à échanger contre du MOZ (ici, BNB)

Slide p.5
1. Type the amount you want to use for the swap.
2. The amount of MOZ you will get after the swap.
3. Gas fee / bridge fee you will pay for the swap + estimated execution in minutes.
4. Press Review bridge button

1. Indiquer le montant souhaité pour le swap.
2. La quantité de MOZ obtenus après le swap.
3. Frais de gas et de bridge à payer pour le swap + temps d'exécution estimé.

Slide p.6
1. Press Start bridging button.

1. Cliquer sur Start bridging.

Slide p7

MetaMask Wallet browser extension

	Extension MetaMask 

1. The amount you will pay for gas fee
2. The amount you spend for the swap + gas fee amount
3. Press confirm to proceed with the swap.

	1. Les frais de carburant à payer
	2. La somme dépensée pour le swap + frais de gas
	3. Cliquer sur Confirm pour procéder au swap.
